Add scripts/READMD_write_gcr_to_parquet.md (#415)
LSSTDESC/DC2-production: scripts/README_write_gcr_to_parquet.md

# Using write_gcr_to_parquet.py

This README contains the updated instructions for using `write_gcr_to_parquet.py`.

> It is last updated by Yao-Yuan Mao on Jan 5th, 2021.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It was last updated by Yao-Yuan Mao on Jan 5th, 2021.
```

## General environment setup

### Step 1: Create a new working directory in scratch

> Most likely you would want to put the parquet files in scratch area first,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most likely you will want to put the parquet files in a scratch area first,
```

and then copy them to the actual destination when everything is done.

```bash
cd $SCRATCH
mkdir -p desc/a-new-working-dir
cd desc/a-new-working-dir
```

### Step 2: Clone the needed repos

To make sure that you are using the up-to-date scripts and catalog configs,
you should clone the repos.
If you want to test a specific branch, change the following accordingly.

```bash
git clone --depth=1 git@github.com:LSSTDESC/gcr-catalogs.git
git clone --depth=1 git@github.com:LSSTDESC/DC2-production.git
```

### Step 3: Start up DESC Python environment

```bash
source /global/common/software/lsst/common/miniconda/setup_current_python.sh ""
export PYTHONPATH="gcr-catalogs:$PYTHONPATH"
```

### Step 4 (optional but encouraged): Request an interactive session

```bash
salloc -N 1 -C haswell -q interactive -A m1727 -t 04:00:00
```

### Step 5: Generate Parquet files

Generally speaking you can just run:

> ```bash

Reviewer: Saying "Generally speaking" and then giving a specific example with a real catalog can be confusing.  I suggest  replacing `cosmoDC2_v1.1.4` with a placeholder like `some-catalog`.   Or else change the text "generally speaking" to something that makes clear this is just an example.

Also since you are about to discuss changing the output filename prefix I would mention in this example what the output would be (by default, without `--output-filename` option)
